Hello friends, how are you all? I hope you are
healthy and happy. I am
Abhishek Singh. I welcome you all to our channel Abhishek DSK. As
always,
today we have brought a new video on our channel.
In today's video, we will
tell you how you can get
third party insurance for ICC Lambert bike from your CSC portal.
So let's start.
[Music]
First of all, you have to open any browser on your computer
and
open the official website of CSC. As
you always login to CSC, in this
way you have to click on the login option
and after entering your CSC ID and
password, you have to fill the captcha code here
just as it
is written on the box in front. After this, you have to click on the sign in
option. As soon as you
click on the sign in option, the
CSC portal will open in front of you. Here you
can see that you will find the insurance
option at the top. You have to click there. As
soon as you click,
many options will appear in front of you.
Here you have to click on the motor third party
option at the bottom. After this,
you have to click on the search icon.  By clicking on it,
you have to type the company whose insurance
you want to do there, after this
you will see that two options have appeared here,
you have to click on any one of the two options,
click on the option with click here, as soon as
you click here, then the
official website of ICC Lambard has
opened here, you will see that
here you have to click on the two wheeler TP option
and after this, leave the
tick mark as it is
and after this,
click on the option with gate below, as soon as you
click on the option with gate, then
you will be redirected to a new website,
so here again a
new page has opened in front of us, here you have to enter the
registration number of your vehicle,
so here we have to enter the registration number of the vehicle which we want to do
insurance, after
entering the registration number here,
click on the option with get RTO details, as soon as you
click here, then it is possible that the
same may happen in your case too, so you do
not need to worry, here you have to
click on the OK option, as soon as you
click on the OK option, then  Here
you will see that all the details of our vehicle have been
automatically
filed up here, so here you can see
our registration number, our
RTO of registration, all those details have been entered
here, so here the
manufacturer of our vehicle, if it is
from these, then you can select from these,
advisewise you have to click on the option of other manufacturer in front of it,
you have to select the
company of whichever company your vehicle is from,
after selecting the company, you have to select the
model of your vehicle here,
after selecting yes, you will
see that the current registration is typed here,
so here you have to keep individual
if the vehicle is in the name of a person and
if it is in the name of a firm, then you
can choose the corporate option, after this
if you see the next option, then
an option will come here, do you have not valid
driving license, if you do not have a driving
license, then you can tick mark this,
advisewise you can leave it,
after this if  If you already have a personal
accident insurance plan, then click on "Yes."
After this, in the turnover option
here, you have to select for how many years you are
taking the insurance plan.
After this, see here,
if any of your drivers is driving your bike, then
here you have to click on the "S" option.
Advise, you will keep clicking on the "No" option.
And here, if you want insurance for the
passengers sitting in your vehicle, then
you
can tick mark here. Advise, you should
leave it. After this, as soon as you
click on the "Get" option, you
will see that the total premium
paid here is Rs 843. So, here we
can see this premium by clicking here and
how much charge is attached for which thing. In
this way, you can see the entire premium here.
Here you can see
how much GST is levied here or whatever
charge is levied, you can see it here.
After this, you will click on the "Proceed" option.
After clicking on the "Proceed" option,
you will see here that  All our
vehicle details have been entered here,
after this we will scroll down and see that
our engine number and change number have been entered here,
we have to match them with our RC to check whether they
match or not, after this
you will see that the body type
is automatically selected here,
you do not need to write anything in the vehicle description here,
if you want to delete the nominee details, then
you can fill the nominee details by tick marking here,
you can also skip it,
after this if you have a GST
number or if the customer for whom you are doing the bike
policy has a GST
number, then you can add it here and
if your vehicle is on loan then you
can also show that here, after this you
will click on the KYC option, then
whatever document you are doing KYC with,
you will select that document here,
for now we are going to select from Aadhar card,
so we will
select Aadhar card here, after this
we have to enter the Aadhar card number here
after entering the Aadhar number  In front of us, we have to write the full name
which is on their Aadhar card from 'Y'
here.
After writing it on Aadhar, whatever the name is, we will
write it here. After this, we have to select the gender below.
If the gender is male, then we will select the
option M, if it is female, then we will select the option F.
After this, we have to
click on the date of birth option and select the
date of birth of the customer in their ID proof.
For this, first of all,
whatever is the date of birth of the customer,
we have to select his/her date of birth first.
After this, we have to click on the top and
select his/her date of birth here and
click on the submit option.
As soon as you click on the submit option, it will
take some time in processing.
After this, whatever they can see from their Aadhar card details
here, all
our details have been automatically filed up here.
After this, if we scroll down and come down, there
is a declaration here.
If you have any
clause in the insurance, then you can advise here.  By
clicking on it, you will click on the proceed option,
after this you have to come down,
here you will see that all the
customer details have been
automatically filled here through KYC,
after this we have to look down, here we have to
enter an email ID, if the customer has an email
ID then we have to enter it here,
if the customer does not have an email ID then
you can enter your email ID here,
you have to enter an email ID here so that
a copy of whatever policy is made will be sent
to your mail and you have to
enter the mobile number here, if it has
not come automatically then you have to enter the mobile number here,
after this we have to
enter the PAN number of the customer here, keep in
mind that you must have the
Aadhar card and PAN card of whoever you are making the policy,
after this you have to
click on the generate proposal option, as soon as
you click here, then you will
see here again the proposal number and premium have been shown in front of you,
here
before clicking on the buy no option, you have to
check the balance in your CSC valid,
otherwise your  The proposal will be useless, so
here we can see that we have
₹13 in our wallet,
which is sufficient amount in our value, so
here there is 843 premium, so
auto can be done from our wallet easily, so
as we do this here, we can see here the
payment gateway page of CSC has opened,
here our sale amount is 843
and the balance which will be deducted directly from our valid is
784.98 paise, this much balance will be deducted from our valid,
whatever is the difference between this amount will be
your commission, here
you have to enter your
CSC password on the password option and click on the validate option,
after this, here we have to enter
our wallet pen of CSC on the violet P option, we have to
click on the pay option here, as soon as
you click here, the
payment success option has appeared here,
after this we have been redirected back to its website,
so here you
can see the congratulations your
success policy head here  This has been successfully
generated. Here our policy number,
policy start date, and policy end date have been entered.
After this, we have to
download our policy by clicking on the download icon.
Here we have successfully downloaded our policy. So,
we can scroll down and see that the
second page here will be our policy
page. You can print it and
give it to the customer. After this, if you want to
download this policy, you can also download
this policy by clicking on the download option.
For now, we will
close it and come back to our CSC
portal. Here we have gone to the order
history.
After clicking on order history, you will see that
our first order is of 843 only.
Here we will click on the details option.
Here you can see that the details of the
policy that we have just created have been entered here. Here
our
commission has come here which is 61 rupees and 70 paise
and the TDS deducted is ₹3.5 paise.
So, after deducting TDS,
whatever our commission is, we will get it instantly.  If this
is done then in this way you
can earn good commission by making ICC bike third party from your CSC portal. Heartfelt thanks to
all of you for staying till the end of the video.
If you liked our video
then please like our video
and share it with your friends
so that they can also get help and if
you have any suggestion related to our video
then please tell us by commenting,
we will definitely answer it. For
similar informational videos, please
subscribe to our channel and press the bell
icon so that
you keep getting similar updates from time to time. Thank you friend
[Music]